hey guys what's going on um so today I
am actually here with a very flame deck
now this is not my deck this is actually
a friend of mine decks she according to
her it is currently five and out in
single games now as you guys can see
here what what is this it's it's a final
countdown' deck
I thought final countdown was dead now
this duck has three wind conditions
number one the first ones obvious final
countdown number two wood she's actually
one one swift did they deck themselves
out just because all this deck is is
stall and draw so that means you're
either gonna draw and two more stop or
you're just gonna have this stall to
begin with and three and the most common
one they rate to quit simple as that so
um I've been there just running down the
list and I'll get into some explanations
nothing really needs explaining all this
is self-explanatory however I just will
go over the list anyway so we have three
zero gardna three battle fitter
reasonable scarecrow three winged
kuriboh-- one two piece three episode
couple to be found only one final top
down one rota one go chart three Roku's
and three T Wars not Network three
thunder ruler three Lexi autographs you
three breakfast creeds and three door of
Creed's and as for the Extra Deck she
typed in lava and this is what came out
now I knew can replace the wind career
use with Clarke's like card card II
however you know she just likes having
the I went to three bows in there I
don't know why I personally would but
it's her deck so I'm just profiling for
her so basically this is all stall you
guys probably didn't know nothing
scarecrow did however see her gardener
says that you contribute him and if you
do you don't take any battle damage this
turn and no courts can be destroyed by
battle so basically he's a wah Baku that
you just have to normal summon yes
he makes 22 tribute in solemn warning
lie
however they want to establish field and
then turn to tribute then go right ahead
if they want to saw morning well it's
not gonna be the end of the world
because they're not playing cards that
cope or escape so you don't care what
their life points are when kuribohs is
more stall like I said car car DS would
be my preferred choice in here
however she likes the winged kuriboh it
doesn't really matter
yes the drawing is nice but you're just
probably going to draw two more stall or
more draw yes you tend wrong final
countdown but she just likes having this
and if if you guys don't know what when
kuriboh does is when it's destroyed if
if it's destroyed and sent to the
Graveyard by any means marksman pocket
BOTS face down they destroyed by battle
any further Battle Damage this term
becomes zero now that means that dire
dragon running over it's still disputing
damage which is why I personally would
prefer court card II however you know
it's still very solid card if they don't
know that it's probably facedown into
rego of they might not make a guide
dragon initially so he's pretty good one
day I should explain and same with up
star quality final countdown I mean he
wrote assist there to get to the zero
coordinates and goats orcs there to get
the final countdown
the traps really don't think I need to
explain thunder alert if you guys don't
know what it does during their opponent
standby phase activate it and they don't
the battle phase mover actually this
stuff is really self-explanatory so I
hope you guys did enjoy it just a little
fun back to test out side to side three
twisters three mr. Cole's gold ladybugs
are time and basically time cards I took
just three lava golems to just in case
you're wrong tonight the random the same
right metric but that's it for the
moment